so I wouldn't say super clever did the
clever thing here is this big screen
here so you don't have all of the
buttons but that's it okay guys let's
test drive the stuff on the first thing
that you have to know is that everything
is here so there is no like a standard
gear change otherwise your box so your
gear box is not here it's here but the
good thing about the gear box being near
the wheel is that you have all the space
here for your handbag to your female
that's really important so then I go to
drive and we start driving so it drove a
couple of miles in Tesla in the city and
the thing is when you push accelerator
it can go fast really quickly you're
like me like I don't know three seconds
to go what 100 miles so when you take
your leg all the accelerator pedal it
stopped straightaway like I was driving
and there was this lady behind me and I
just you know took off my leg and
deathless started stopping really from
broccoli and I was really scared for
this lady behind me cuz I thought you
might bump into me another thing that I
really really like is a steering wheel
because it gives you the feeling of
safety it's very thick and you feel that
you're in control of the car and every
likening it reminds me like people laugh
at me but I tell you can rising my Ford
Focus and like the manner of driving and
as a matter of clothing the oil I don't
know but it gives me the feeling of
safety the only thing you said I didn't
really understand how it behaves itself
when I'm you know stopping accelerating
but in terms of feeling the car in terms
of feeling scale I think it's good so I
haven't driven it a lot but what I
expected from Tesla I expect it to be
you know all safe oh cool everything
automatic and when I sat down and
started writing I expect the cephalus
take away all the drops from my and
window but didn't so I wouldn't say
super clever did the covers thing here
is this big screen here so you don't
have all of the buttons but that's it
and I really want to try the parking
mode we can actually we can actually try
it I just don't know how it works I'll
try it a voice come on bark bark bark
bark bark bark bark try again
Tesla please Clark try again so it
doesn't understand me okay
I mean there is an automatic party it
was just in my dream another thing that
I really liked about Tesla is the
feeling of luxury it gives you because
the leather is really nice and every
detail is thought of and carbon here and
this really big screen what I did for
testing I went to my website lingua
Telecom so yeah it's working perfectly
and you can press all the buttons and
yeah you can't push all the buttons and
you can order everything from the screen
like if you want to order food you could
do it from Tesla because it's free gee I
don't know where it's taking us the
network but I think with SIM card is
inserted somewhere and you know it's
thick oh look a little at what I don't
like and what I don't like is that it's
not an old car I think it's just out the
14 2015 but the seat is already I know
it went off and the leather quality is
not really good look at that and you
know all of the details thoroughly they
look worn and if we compare it to like
recetas off 2007 it can be really really
better condition thank you so much you
guys for watching this video so another
professional someone who would review
your cars but I'm just an amateur and it
was my first time trying Tesla and yeah
these are my first impressions if you
like this video please give like comment
and
and I'll see you the next video bye